blog/best-times-to-post-on-tiktok.mdx, before:

---
title: What is the best time to post TikTok?
date: '2026-01-21'

---

## When Is the Best Time to Post on [TikTok](/api-reference/platforms/tiktok)?
TikTok’s fast-paced, visually engaging platform has taken the world by storm, and
figuring out the best time to post on TikTok can be a game-changer for both content
creators and small business owners. With 1.534 billion users worldwide, getting your
content in front of the right audience at the right time can drastically improve
your reach and engagement. In this guide, we’ll explore the best practices for posting
on TikTok, based on data and insights.

## Is There a Universal Best Time to Post on TikTok?
While we all wish there were a magic formula for the perfect TikTok posting time,
the reality is that there is no single best time that works for every creator or
video. The best time to post depends on factors like your audience, their behavior,
and the type of content you share.

## Best Times to Post on TikTok at a Glance
Here are the best times to post on TikTok, based on data:

- Monday: 10 a.m.
- Tuesday: 4 p.m.
- Wednesday: 4 p.m.
- Thursday: 10 a.m.
- Friday: 8 a.m.
- Saturday: 11 a.m.
- Sunday: 2 p.m.

These times reflect peak engagement periods when TikTok users are most active, but you should always experiment with different times to see what works best for your specific audience.

## Why Timing Matters on TikTok
Posting at the right time can be the difference between your video getting a few
views or landing on thousands of For You Pages (FYP). TikTok’s algorithm favors videos
that quickly gain engagement, so posting during peak hours increases the likelihood
that users will interact with your content right away.

## Best Times to Post by Day
Here’s a closer look at the best times to post on TikTok for each day of the week:

## Best Time to Post on TikTok on Monday: 10 a.m.
Mondays see a spike in activity mid-morning. Posting at 10 a.m. will give your content
a better chance of reaching users as they start their week.

## Best Time to Post on TikTok on Tuesday: 4 p.m.
Tuesday at 4 p.m. is a strong time for posting. The late afternoon window sees a
surge in users checking their phones after work or school.

## Best Time to Post on TikTok on Wednesday: 4 p.m.
Mid-week engagement peaks at 4 p.m. on Wednesdays. Posting during this time can help
you capture users who are winding down and looking for some entertainment.

## Best Time to Post on TikTok on Thursday: 10 a.m.
Thursdays are great for morning posts. Scheduling your content for 10 a.m. allows
it to gain momentum throughout the day.

## Best Time to Post on TikTok on Friday: 8 a.m.
Friday at 8 a.m. is an ideal time to post as users check TikTok early in the day,
especially before kicking off their weekend.

## Best Time to Post on TikTok on Saturday: 11 a.m.
Although Saturdays are generally slower for engagement, posting at 11 a.m. can still
help your content reach viewers who are relaxing and scrolling through the app.

## Best Time to Post on TikTok on Sunday: 2 p.m.
Sundays have one of the highest engagement peaks of the week, particularly at 2 p.m.
when users are winding down their weekend.

## What Is the Best Day to Post on TikTok?
According to data, Tuesday is the best day to post on TikTok, followed closely by
Thursday, Monday, and Friday. The weekends, particularly Saturday, tend to have lower
engagement, so it’s best to focus your efforts earlier in the week.

## How to Find Your Best Time to Post on TikTok
To find the optimal posting time for your specific audience, consider these steps:

- **Analyze Your Audience Behavior:** Use TikTok’s analytics tools or social media scheduling platforms like bundle.social.

- **Experiment with Different Times:** Test various posting times based on general data and your audience’s behavior. Try posting in the morning, afternoon, and evening to see which time yields the best results.

- **Monitor Engagement Metrics:** Track metrics like views, likes, comments, and shares to identify patterns in your posts’ performance. This will help you fine-tune your posting schedule.

- **Leverage Analytics Tools:** Tools like bundle.social allow you to automate your TikTok posting schedule and analyze the best times for engagement. By using these insights, you can consistently post content when your audience is most likely to interact with it.

## Conclusion: Post Smarter, Not Harder
Finding the best time to post on TikTok is crucial to maximizing your content’s reach
and engagement. While the times and days listed above offer a good starting point,
your best strategy is to analyze your audience’s behavior and continuously experiment.
By scheduling your posts during peak times and tracking your performance, you can
boost your chances of landing on the For You Page and growing your following.

Tools like bundle.social can help you schedule your TikTok videos in advance and track your content's performance, giving you the insights you need to fine-tune your strategy. Whether you’re a content creator or a small business owner, posting at the right time can unlock new opportunities for growth and engagement on TikTok.

Commit message:

SEO: add keywords to all blog posts and API pages, descriptions, alt text, and meta tags

blog/best-times-to-post-on-tiktok.mdx, after:

---
title: What is the best time to post TikTok?
description: Discover the optimal posting times for TikTok in 2026 based on engagement data, plus tips to find your audience's peak hours.
keywords: ["tiktok best time to post", "tiktok algorithm", "tiktok engagement", "tiktok scheduling", "for you page"]
date: '2026-01-21'
---

## When Is the Best Time to Post on [TikTok](/api-reference/platforms/tiktok)?
TikTok’s fast-paced, visually engaging platform has taken the world by storm, and
figuring out the best time to post on TikTok can be a game-changer for both content
creators and small business owners. With 1.534 billion users worldwide, getting your
content in front of the right audience at the right time can drastically improve
your reach and engagement. In this guide, we’ll explore the best practices for posting
on TikTok, based on data and insights.

## Is There a Universal Best Time to Post on TikTok?
While we all wish there were a magic formula for the perfect TikTok posting time,
the reality is that there is no single best time that works for every creator or
video. The best time to post depends on factors like your audience, their behavior,
and the type of content you share.

## Best Times to Post on TikTok at a Glance
Here are the best times to post on TikTok, based on data:

- Monday: 10 a.m.
- Tuesday: 4 p.m.
- Wednesday: 4 p.m.
- Thursday: 10 a.m.
- Friday: 8 a.m.
- Saturday: 11 a.m.
- Sunday: 2 p.m.

These times reflect peak engagement periods when TikTok users are most active, but you should always experiment with different times to see what works best for your specific audience.

## Why Timing Matters on TikTok
Posting at the right time can be the difference between your video getting a few
views or landing on thousands of For You Pages (FYP). TikTok’s algorithm favors videos
that quickly gain engagement, so posting during peak hours increases the likelihood
that users will interact with your content right away.

## Best Times to Post by Day
Here’s a closer look at the best times to post on TikTok for each day of the week:

## Best Time to Post on TikTok on Monday: 10 a.m.
Mondays see a spike in activity mid-morning. Posting at 10 a.m. will give your content
a better chance of reaching users as they start their week.

## Best Time to Post on TikTok on Tuesday: 4 p.m.
Tuesday at 4 p.m. is a strong time for posting. The late afternoon window sees a
surge in users checking their phones after work or school.

## Best Time to Post on TikTok on Wednesday: 4 p.m.
Mid-week engagement peaks at 4 p.m. on Wednesdays. Posting during this time can help
you capture users who are winding down and looking for some entertainment.

## Best Time to Post on TikTok on Thursday: 10 a.m.
Thursdays are great for morning posts. Scheduling your content for 10 a.m. allows
it to gain momentum throughout the day.

## Best Time to Post on TikTok on Friday: 8 a.m.
Friday at 8 a.m. is an ideal time to post as users check TikTok early in the day,
especially before kicking off their weekend.

## Best Time to Post on TikTok on Saturday: 11 a.m.
Although Saturdays are generally slower for engagement, posting at 11 a.m. can still
help your content reach viewers who are relaxing and scrolling through the app.

## Best Time to Post on TikTok on Sunday: 2 p.m.
Sundays have one of the highest engagement peaks of the week, particularly at 2 p.m.
when users are winding down their weekend.

## What Is the Best Day to Post on TikTok?
According to data, Tuesday is the best day to post on TikTok, followed closely by
Thursday, Monday, and Friday. The weekends, particularly Saturday, tend to have lower
engagement, so it’s best to focus your efforts earlier in the week.

## How to Find Your Best Time to Post on TikTok
To find the optimal posting time for your specific audience, consider these steps:

- **Analyze Your Audience Behavior:** Use TikTok’s analytics tools or social media scheduling platforms like bundle.social.

- **Experiment with Different Times:** Test various posting times based on general data and your audience’s behavior. Try posting in the morning, afternoon, and evening to see which time yields the best results.

- **Monitor Engagement Metrics:** Track metrics like views, likes, comments, and shares to identify patterns in your posts’ performance. This will help you fine-tune your posting schedule.

- **Leverage Analytics Tools:** Tools like bundle.social allow you to automate your TikTok posting schedule and analyze the best times for engagement. By using these insights, you can consistently post content when your audience is most likely to interact with it.

## Conclusion: Post Smarter, Not Harder
Finding the best time to post on TikTok is crucial to maximizing your content’s reach
and engagement. While the times and days listed above offer a good starting point,
your best strategy is to analyze your audience’s behavior and continuously experiment.
By scheduling your posts during peak times and tracking your performance, you can
boost your chances of landing on the For You Page and growing your following.

Tools like bundle.social can help you schedule your TikTok videos in advance and track your content's performance, giving you the insights you need to fine-tune your strategy. Whether you’re a content creator or a small business owner, posting at the right time can unlock new opportunities for growth and engagement on TikTok.
