blog/best-times-to-post-on-linkedin.mdx, before:

---
title: What is the best time to post on LinkedIn?
date: '2026-01-21'

---

## Best Times to Post on [LinkedIn](/api-reference/platforms/linkedin) in 2026
LinkedIn spikes when people are at work, taking a break, or wrapping the day. You want to publish when professionals are ready to read, comment, and share. Use the data below as a starting point, then personalize it with your own audience insights.

## Best Times at a Glance
- Monday: 9 a.m. to 11 a.m.
- Tuesday: 9 a.m. to 12 p.m. and 3 p.m.
- Wednesday: 9 a.m. to 12 p.m. and 2 p.m.
- Thursday: 9 a.m. to 11 a.m.
- Friday: 9 a.m.
- Saturday: 10 a.m. to 12 p.m. (light)
- Sunday: 10 a.m. to 12 p.m. (light)

## Why Timing Matters on LinkedIn
The feed rewards fresh posts that earn quick engagement. Post during active windows, and your ideas are more likely to reach second degree and third degree networks. Timing is a simple lever that compounds reach over time.

## How to Find Your Best Time
1. Map your time zones: If your buyers span regions, set two posting windows.
2. Align with your ICP: Execs often check feeds early, operators scan late morning, creators return after lunch.
3. Test two slots per weekday: Keep topics similar to avoid content bias in the experiment.
4. Watch early signals: Impressions, profile views, and comment velocity in the first hour.
5. Schedule consistently: Use bundle.social to schedule posts, compare time windows, and keep momentum.

## Content Tips for LinkedIn
- Lead with a strong first line that earns the click to expand.
- Use plain language, short paragraphs, and clear outcomes.
- Add a single call to action, not three.
- Build [threads](/api-reference/platforms/threads) or carousels for complex topics, then summarize.

## Conclusion
There is no universal perfect time, yet there is a perfect time for your audience. Test, learn, and lock your winners into a reliable schedule with bundle.social. Keep your voice human, keep your cadence steady, and grow week by week with [bundle.social]().

Commit message:

SEO: add keywords to all blog posts and API pages, descriptions, alt text, and meta tags

blog/best-times-to-post-on-linkedin.mdx, after:

---
title: What is the best time to post on LinkedIn?
description: Best times to post on LinkedIn in 2026 with day-by-day breakdown and tips to find your audience's peak engagement windows.
keywords: ["linkedin best time to post", "linkedin engagement", "linkedin algorithm", "b2b social media", "linkedin scheduling"]
date: '2026-01-21'
---

## Best Times to Post on [LinkedIn](/api-reference/platforms/linkedin) in 2026
LinkedIn spikes when people are at work, taking a break, or wrapping the day. You want to publish when professionals are ready to read, comment, and share. Use the data below as a starting point, then personalize it with your own audience insights.

## Best Times at a Glance
- Monday: 9 a.m. to 11 a.m.
- Tuesday: 9 a.m. to 12 p.m. and 3 p.m.
- Wednesday: 9 a.m. to 12 p.m. and 2 p.m.
- Thursday: 9 a.m. to 11 a.m.
- Friday: 9 a.m.
- Saturday: 10 a.m. to 12 p.m. (light)
- Sunday: 10 a.m. to 12 p.m. (light)

## Why Timing Matters on LinkedIn
The feed rewards fresh posts that earn quick engagement. Post during active windows, and your ideas are more likely to reach second degree and third degree networks. Timing is a simple lever that compounds reach over time.

## How to Find Your Best Time
1. Map your time zones: If your buyers span regions, set two posting windows.
2. Align with your ICP: Execs often check feeds early, operators scan late morning, creators return after lunch.
3. Test two slots per weekday: Keep topics similar to avoid content bias in the experiment.
4. Watch early signals: Impressions, profile views, and comment velocity in the first hour.
5. Schedule consistently: Use bundle.social to schedule posts, compare time windows, and keep momentum.

## Content Tips for LinkedIn
- Lead with a strong first line that earns the click to expand.
- Use plain language, short paragraphs, and clear outcomes.
- Add a single call to action, not three.
- Build [threads](/api-reference/platforms/threads) or carousels for complex topics, then summarize.

## Conclusion
There is no universal perfect time, yet there is a perfect time for your audience. Test, learn, and lock your winners into a reliable schedule with bundle.social. Keep your voice human, keep your cadence steady, and grow week by week with [bundle.social]().
