blog/get-your-money-from-twitter.mdx, before:

---
title: Get your money's worth from Twitter.
date: '2026-01-21'

---

Marketers often dismiss X (formerly [Twitter](/api-reference/platforms/twitter)) ads as ineffective, but my experience tells a different story. After being locked out of my [Facebook](/api-reference/platforms/facebook) account, I began experimenting with X ads out of necessity and quickly realized their potential for my marketing consulting business. Here’s why I believe X ads are an underutilized tool, especially for small business owners.

## The Misconception About X Ads

Despite common beliefs, X ads are effective. My research showed that companies from a wide range of industries—including tech giants like Apple and entertainment behemoths like Disney—were achieving impressive engagement, with ads gathering millions, even hundreds of millions, of impressions. The sheer volume of these ads and the continued investment by large corporations suggest positive returns, though specific conversion rates and ROI are not always public.

## Cost-Effectiveness of X Ads

One of the most appealing aspects of X ads is their cost-effectiveness. The CPMs (cost per 1,000 impressions) on X are significantly lower than those on other platforms like Facebook. I’ve seen CPMs as low as $0.38, and even the more expensive video ads are only around $3 to $5—much less than the $17 to $40 typically seen on Facebook. While CPM isn't the only metric to consider, it's an excellent indicator of the potential for a high return on ad spend (ROAS). Indeed, in my campaigns, I’ve observed ROAS ranging from 2.4x to 5.2x.

## Strategic Advantages of X Ads

X's user base may be smaller than Meta's, but it's still substantial, with about 250 million daily active users. This presents a significant opportunity, especially since fewer competitors are likely advertising there. For businesses willing to explore this avenue, it can provide a competitive edge reminiscent of the early days of Facebook or Google ads.

## Getting Started with X Ads

1. Identify Your Audience:

Before launching an ad campaign, ensure you're targeting a well-defined audience. I recommend starting with creative that has performed well on other platforms and using it to run tests on X. Setting parameters to target premium subscribers, iOS users, and people in the United States can help filter out less relevant or lower quality traffic, such as bots.

2. Use Follower Look-Alikes and Keywords:

X offers tools like follower look-alikes and keyword targeting to help refine your audience. These tools allow you to target users similar to those who follow related accounts or engage with specific topics, enhancing the relevance of your ads.

3. Experiment with Creative Formats:

Different types of content can resonate on X. Traditional advertorials, long-form [threads](/api-reference/platforms/threads), and image carousels can all be effective. Adapting your approach to fit the platform's unique characteristics—such as its conversational nature and preference for succinct, impactful content—can improve engagement.

Monitoring and Adjusting Campaigns

It’s crucial to monitor your campaigns closely to understand what’s working. Spend time in the audiences tab of the ad manager to track reach, engagement, and cost per objective. Refine your strategies based on performance data, always with an eye on ROAS. Remember, the goal is not just to gain impressions but to drive meaningful engagement that translates into business results.

## Conclusion

X ads hold significant potential for those willing to invest time in understanding and leveraging the platform's unique dynamics. By focusing on strategic audience targeting, creative content adaptation, and continuous performance analysis, marketers can tap into a powerful tool that many may be overlooking. As the platform continues to evolve under its new ownership, staying ahead of the curve with X ads could be a wise move for forward-thinking marketers.

Commit message:

SEO: add keywords to all blog posts and API pages, descriptions, alt text, and meta tags

blog/get-your-money-from-twitter.mdx, after:

---
title: Get your money's worth from Twitter.
description: Why X (Twitter) ads are underrated and how to leverage their low CPMs for effective marketing with high ROAS potential.
keywords: ["twitter ads", "x ads", "twitter marketing", "social media advertising", "low cpm ads"]
date: '2026-01-21'
---

Marketers often dismiss X (formerly [Twitter](/api-reference/platforms/twitter)) ads as ineffective, but my experience tells a different story. After being locked out of my [Facebook](/api-reference/platforms/facebook) account, I began experimenting with X ads out of necessity and quickly realized their potential for my marketing consulting business. Here’s why I believe X ads are an underutilized tool, especially for small business owners.

## The Misconception About X Ads

Despite common beliefs, X ads are effective. My research showed that companies from a wide range of industries—including tech giants like Apple and entertainment behemoths like Disney—were achieving impressive engagement, with ads gathering millions, even hundreds of millions, of impressions. The sheer volume of these ads and the continued investment by large corporations suggest positive returns, though specific conversion rates and ROI are not always public.

## Cost-Effectiveness of X Ads

One of the most appealing aspects of X ads is their cost-effectiveness. The CPMs (cost per 1,000 impressions) on X are significantly lower than those on other platforms like Facebook. I’ve seen CPMs as low as $0.38, and even the more expensive video ads are only around $3 to $5—much less than the $17 to $40 typically seen on Facebook. While CPM isn't the only metric to consider, it's an excellent indicator of the potential for a high return on ad spend (ROAS). Indeed, in my campaigns, I’ve observed ROAS ranging from 2.4x to 5.2x.

## Strategic Advantages of X Ads

X's user base may be smaller than Meta's, but it's still substantial, with about 250 million daily active users. This presents a significant opportunity, especially since fewer competitors are likely advertising there. For businesses willing to explore this avenue, it can provide a competitive edge reminiscent of the early days of Facebook or Google ads.

## Getting Started with X Ads

1. Identify Your Audience:

Before launching an ad campaign, ensure you're targeting a well-defined audience. I recommend starting with creative that has performed well on other platforms and using it to run tests on X. Setting parameters to target premium subscribers, iOS users, and people in the United States can help filter out less relevant or lower quality traffic, such as bots.

2. Use Follower Look-Alikes and Keywords:

X offers tools like follower look-alikes and keyword targeting to help refine your audience. These tools allow you to target users similar to those who follow related accounts or engage with specific topics, enhancing the relevance of your ads.

3. Experiment with Creative Formats:

Different types of content can resonate on X. Traditional advertorials, long-form [threads](/api-reference/platforms/threads), and image carousels can all be effective. Adapting your approach to fit the platform's unique characteristics—such as its conversational nature and preference for succinct, impactful content—can improve engagement.

Monitoring and Adjusting Campaigns

It’s crucial to monitor your campaigns closely to understand what’s working. Spend time in the audiences tab of the ad manager to track reach, engagement, and cost per objective. Refine your strategies based on performance data, always with an eye on ROAS. Remember, the goal is not just to gain impressions but to drive meaningful engagement that translates into business results.

## Conclusion

X ads hold significant potential for those willing to invest time in understanding and leveraging the platform's unique dynamics. By focusing on strategic audience targeting, creative content adaptation, and continuous performance analysis, marketers can tap into a powerful tool that many may be overlooking. As the platform continues to evolve under its new ownership, staying ahead of the curve with X ads could be a wise move for forward-thinking marketers.
