blog/how-to-get-more-facebook-followers.mdx, before:

---
title: 5 Steps to get more followers on Facebook
date: '2026-01-21'

---

[Facebook](/api-reference/platforms/facebook)'s enduring presence and expansion over the past two decades are no accident. You're likely aware that it remains the most frequented social media platform globally, boasting over 3 billion monthly active users. It's also well-known for its comprehensive shopping features, with 27 percent of global online shoppers preferring Facebook for their purchases. Moreover, a 2024 report highlights its status as the top influencer marketing platform among millennials.

Given that you're interested in increasing your Facebook followers, I assume you're already convinced of its value, so there's no need to overwhelm you with more statistics. Instead, let's focus on strategies for enhancing your Facebook presence.

Despite Facebook's saturation, a meticulously crafted social media marketing strategy coupled with persistence can lead to significant growth in followers for both new Pages and profiles as we move through 2024.

## How to get more followers

<Steps>
  <Step title='Use video to your advantage'>
    Video content reigns supreme on Facebook for engagement, with Reels standing
    out as the most effective format. They typically garner more likes,
    comments, and shares than any other content type on the platform. Engagement
    signals to Facebook's algorithm that a post is valuable, increasing its
    likelihood of appearing in more news feeds. Our findings indicate that
    images hold the second spot in terms of engagement, followed by text posts.
    Posts that contain only links are the least engaging, ranking at the bottom
    of our analysis.
  </Step>
  <Step title='Post consistently (duh…)'>
    One fundamental principle across all social networks is the importance of
    consistent posting. Social platforms thrive on the continuous creation of
    engaging content, rewarding those who contribute regularly. This principle
    is crucial whether you aim to expand on [Instagram](/api-reference/platforms/instagram), establish a personal
    brand on [LinkedIn](/api-reference/platforms/linkedin), or grow your [TikTok](/api-reference/platforms/tiktok) following. Consistency serves as a
    powerful tool in audience growth.
    <h4>How often should you post? </h4>
    That largely depends on your audience. Identifying the optimal frequency
    requires time and experimentation, but the general guideline is to post as
    regularly as you can manage without compromising quality or risking burnout.
    Content creation is demanding, and it's vital to avoid exhausting yourself
    before seeing tangible results. Utilizing a social media content calendar
    can prevent burnout by allowing you to plan your content ahead of time. This
    approach ensures you always have content ready to publish, facilitating a
    steady posting rhythm. Integrating a posting schedule into your Facebook
    marketing strategy, for example, can help maintain consistency, a key factor
    in growing your social media presence.
  </Step>
  <Step title='Start using ads'>
    Leveraging Facebook Ads stands out as an exceptionally effective strategy to
    introduce your content to new individuals, particularly the right audience.
    Facebook's extensive data on user behaviors and preferences are astutely
    utilized within their advertising platform. The platform allows advertisers
    to set specific goals for each campaign. If acquiring new Facebook followers
    is your aim, selecting "brand awareness" or "engagement" as your advertising
    objective is advisable. This choice enables the precision targeting of
    potential followers based on detailed criteria like demographics, interests,
    educational background, and significant life milestones. The advent of
    Facebook's AI enhancement, Meta Advantage+, has significantly bolstered the
    potency of its ads system. Activating Advantage+ features permits the
    Facebook Ads Manager to optimize your advertising efforts based on
    performance data, ensuring you achieve maximum return on investment,
    dynamically and in real time. Meta underscores that this innovation aims to
    amplify your ad campaigns' efficiency through AI, enhancing the value
    derived from each ad impression.
  </Step>
  <Step title='Facebook Insights'>
    Understanding the effectiveness of your Facebook strategies is best achieved
    by delving into Facebook analytics. Regardless of whether your posts go
    viral or don’t perform as expected, Facebook Insights provides the necessary
    data to understand the reasons behind your content's performance. To access
    these metrics, navigate to your Page Dashboard by clicking on your profile
    photo in the top right corner. Here, you’ll receive a summary of how your
    content is doing. For a more detailed analysis, click on "See more insights"
    at the top right corner of your dashboard. If you wish to explore even
    further, clicking the "Go to Meta Business Suite" button will expand your
    analytics view. This portal not only offers insights into Facebook but also
    Instagram analytics if your profiles are linked, providing a comprehensive
    overview of your social media performance. For direct access to Meta
    Business Suite Insights, you can click on your profile photo from the
    Facebook homepage and select the Meta Business Suite option. Additionally,
    if you're interested in the performance metrics of a particular post, click
    on "See Insights and ads" at the bottom left of the post. This section gives
    you a snapshot of the post's impressions, reach, and engagement, offering a
    quick way to gauge its success.
  </Step>
  <Step title='Get the right timing'>
    In our comprehensive analysis of millions of social media posts, we
    identified specific times that tend to yield the highest engagement on
    Facebook. While the full guide offers an in-depth look, here’s a brief
    overview. The optimal time for posting on Facebook is 10 a.m. on a Friday.
    This time slot has consistently shown to attract a lot of engagement.
    Additionally, 10 a.m. on Mondays and 9 a.m. on Tuesdays have also proven to
    be effective times for posting. Generally, posting in mid-morning during
    weekdays emerges as a good strategy for enhancing engagement on Facebook.
    This pattern suggests that users are more active and likely to interact with
    content during these times.
  </Step>
</Steps>

Commit message:

SEO: add keywords to all blog posts and API pages, descriptions, alt text, and meta tags

blog/how-to-get-more-facebook-followers.mdx, after:

---
title: 5 Steps to get more followers on Facebook
description: Proven strategies to grow your Facebook following in 2026 using video content, consistent posting, ads, and analytics.
keywords: ["facebook followers", "facebook growth", "facebook marketing", "facebook reels", "facebook ads"]
date: '2026-01-21'
---

[Facebook](/api-reference/platforms/facebook)'s enduring presence and expansion over the past two decades are no accident. You're likely aware that it remains the most frequented social media platform globally, boasting over 3 billion monthly active users. It's also well-known for its comprehensive shopping features, with 27 percent of global online shoppers preferring Facebook for their purchases. Moreover, a 2026 report highlights its status as the top influencer marketing platform among millennials.

Given that you're interested in increasing your Facebook followers, I assume you're already convinced of its value, so there's no need to overwhelm you with more statistics. Instead, let's focus on strategies for enhancing your Facebook presence.

Despite Facebook's saturation, a meticulously crafted social media marketing strategy coupled with persistence can lead to significant growth in followers for both new Pages and profiles as we move through 2026.

## How to get more followers

<Steps>
  <Step title='Use video to your advantage'>
    Video content reigns supreme on Facebook for engagement, with Reels standing
    out as the most effective format. They typically garner more likes,
    comments, and shares than any other content type on the platform. Engagement
    signals to Facebook's algorithm that a post is valuable, increasing its
    likelihood of appearing in more news feeds. Our findings indicate that
    images hold the second spot in terms of engagement, followed by text posts.
    Posts that contain only links are the least engaging, ranking at the bottom
    of our analysis.
  </Step>
  <Step title='Post consistently (duh…)'>
    One fundamental principle across all social networks is the importance of
    consistent posting. Social platforms thrive on the continuous creation of
    engaging content, rewarding those who contribute regularly. This principle
    is crucial whether you aim to expand on [Instagram](/api-reference/platforms/instagram), establish a personal
    brand on [LinkedIn](/api-reference/platforms/linkedin), or grow your [TikTok](/api-reference/platforms/tiktok) following. Consistency serves as a
    powerful tool in audience growth.
    <h4>How often should you post? </h4>
    That largely depends on your audience. Identifying the optimal frequency
    requires time and experimentation, but the general guideline is to post as
    regularly as you can manage without compromising quality or risking burnout.
    Content creation is demanding, and it's vital to avoid exhausting yourself
    before seeing tangible results. Utilizing a social media content calendar
    can prevent burnout by allowing you to plan your content ahead of time. This
    approach ensures you always have content ready to publish, facilitating a
    steady posting rhythm. Integrating a posting schedule into your Facebook
    marketing strategy, for example, can help maintain consistency, a key factor
    in growing your social media presence.
  </Step>
  <Step title='Start using ads'>
    Leveraging Facebook Ads stands out as an exceptionally effective strategy to
    introduce your content to new individuals, particularly the right audience.
    Facebook's extensive data on user behaviors and preferences are astutely
    utilized within their advertising platform. The platform allows advertisers
    to set specific goals for each campaign. If acquiring new Facebook followers
    is your aim, selecting "brand awareness" or "engagement" as your advertising
    objective is advisable. This choice enables the precision targeting of
    potential followers based on detailed criteria like demographics, interests,
    educational background, and significant life milestones. The advent of
    Facebook's AI enhancement, Meta Advantage+, has significantly bolstered the
    potency of its ads system. Activating Advantage+ features permits the
    Facebook Ads Manager to optimize your advertising efforts based on
    performance data, ensuring you achieve maximum return on investment,
    dynamically and in real time. Meta underscores that this innovation aims to
    amplify your ad campaigns' efficiency through AI, enhancing the value
    derived from each ad impression.
  </Step>
  <Step title='Facebook Insights'>
    Understanding the effectiveness of your Facebook strategies is best achieved
    by delving into Facebook analytics. Regardless of whether your posts go
    viral or don’t perform as expected, Facebook Insights provides the necessary
    data to understand the reasons behind your content's performance. To access
    these metrics, navigate to your Page Dashboard by clicking on your profile
    photo in the top right corner. Here, you’ll receive a summary of how your
    content is doing. For a more detailed analysis, click on "See more insights"
    at the top right corner of your dashboard. If you wish to explore even
    further, clicking the "Go to Meta Business Suite" button will expand your
    analytics view. This portal not only offers insights into Facebook but also
    Instagram analytics if your profiles are linked, providing a comprehensive
    overview of your social media performance. For direct access to Meta
    Business Suite Insights, you can click on your profile photo from the
    Facebook homepage and select the Meta Business Suite option. Additionally,
    if you're interested in the performance metrics of a particular post, click
    on "See Insights and ads" at the bottom left of the post. This section gives
    you a snapshot of the post's impressions, reach, and engagement, offering a
    quick way to gauge its success.
  </Step>
  <Step title='Get the right timing'>
    In our comprehensive analysis of millions of social media posts, we
    identified specific times that tend to yield the highest engagement on
    Facebook. While the full guide offers an in-depth look, here’s a brief
    overview. The optimal time for posting on Facebook is 10 a.m. on a Friday.
    This time slot has consistently shown to attract a lot of engagement.
    Additionally, 10 a.m. on Mondays and 9 a.m. on Tuesdays have also proven to
    be effective times for posting. Generally, posting in mid-morning during
    weekdays emerges as a good strategy for enhancing engagement on Facebook.
    This pattern suggests that users are more active and likely to interact with
    content during these times.
  </Step>
</Steps>
