blog/index.mdx, before:

---
title: Posts
description: Welcome to bundle.social blog! We're prepared some amazing stuff for you.
icon: hand-wave
date: '2026-01-21'

---

<Card
  title='Attention span is already there you just need to post and get it.'
  icon='ranking-star'
  href='/blog/quick-guide-on-when-to-post'
>
  A quick guide on when to post. It's easier than you think.
</Card>

<CardGroup cols={2}>
  <Card
    title='Why Solana is so hyped?'
    icon='info'
    href='/blog/why-solanda-is-next-big-thing'
  >
    Learn what Solana can offer and don't miss the next BTC!
  </Card>
  <Card
    title='AI Intervews are here.'
    icon='code'
    href='/blog/ai-interview-are-here'
  >
    How to prepare for AI Interview?
  </Card>
  <Card
    title='How to do dopamine detox?'
    icon='stethoscope'
    href='/blog/dopamine-detox'
  >
    Do you recognize yourself in a mirror?
  </Card>
  <Card title='AI & Law' icon='info' href='/blog/ai-regulations'>
    Why AI regulations are harder than you think.
  </Card>
</CardGroup>
<Card
  title='All my homies hate Blizzard and you should to.'
  icon='code'
  href='/blog/all-my-homies-hate-blizzard'
>
  The bad the ugly and the even uglier, Ktoick says goodbye.
</Card>
<CardGroup cols={2}>
  <Card
    title='Books can change you.'
    icon='stethoscope'
    href='/blog/books-can-change-you'
  >
    Man who doesn't read has no advantage over man who cannot read.
  </Card>
  <Card
    title='Cloud seeding is funny.'
    icon='info'
    href='/blog/cloud-seeding-is-funny'
  >
    -design city without drainage <br />
    -make rain like there is no tomorrow
  </Card>
  <Card
    title='Get money from [Instagram](/api-reference/platforms/instagram).'
    icon='ranking-star'
    href='/blog/get-money-from-instagram'
  >
    Qucik read on how to earn money on Instagram.
  </Card>
  <Card
    title='Get money from [Twitter](/api-reference/platforms/twitter).'
    icon='ranking-star'
    href='/blog/get-your-money-from-twitter'
  >
    The same stuff like in the post to your left.
  </Card>
</CardGroup>
<Card
  title='Google technically brrowed OpenAI data (ALLEGEDLY).'
  icon='code'
  href='/blog/google-borrowed-chatgpt-data'
>
  Our editorial team cannot stress enough how big the ALLEGEDLY word is.
</Card>
<CardGroup cols={2}>
  <Card
    title='Growing tour [tiktok](/api-reference/platforms/tiktok) audience.'
    icon='ranking-star'
    href='/blog/grow-your-tiktok-audience'
  >
    Comprehensive guide on how to bend algorithm to your advantage.
  </Card>
  <Card
    title='How to get customer insights.'
    icon='code'
    href='/blog/how-to-get-customer-insights'
  >
    You don't know the value of customer insights and it shows.
  </Card>
  <Card
    title='How to get more [Facebook](/api-reference/platforms/facebook) followers?'
    icon='ranking-star'
    href='/blog/how-to-get-more-facebook-followers'
  >
    4 step tutorial on how to do it and still stay relevant.
  </Card>
  <Card
    title='Is data science dead?'
    icon='code'
    href='/blog/is-data-science-dead'
  >
    Are you ready for changing of the guard?
  </Card>
</CardGroup>
<Card
  title='[Linkedin](/api-reference/platforms/linkedin) is cringe but we need it for every day life.'
  icon='ranking-star'
  href='/blog/google-borrowed-chatgpt-data'
>
  How else you would spy on your friends from school? Are they doing better than
  you?
</Card>
<CardGroup cols={2}>
  <Card
    title='Marketing in the future.'
    icon='ranking-star'
    href='/blog/marketing-in-the-future'
  >
    Steps that you need to take to stay with the flow.
  </Card>
  <Card
    title='Mental Health and Social Media.'
    icon='stethoscope'
    href='/blog/mental-health-and-social-media'
  >
    Stop glorifying mental illness and get help.
  </Card>
  <Card
    title='Product design by Zalando.'
    icon='ranking-star'
    href='/blog/product-design-by-zalando'
  >
    Product Design Prediction by Zalando in 2024.
  </Card>
  <Card
    title='When to post on social media?'
    icon='ranking-star'
    href='/blog/quick-guide-on-when-to-post'
  >
    Best time to post on socal media is...
  </Card>
</CardGroup>
<Card
  title='Why we think INTENSIVELY in the shower?'
  icon='stethoscope'
  href='/blog/why-we-think-in-the-shower'
>
  Go grab the shower instead of your favourite coping mechanism it might be
  better but who are we to judge.
</Card>
<CardGroup cols={2}>
  <Card
    title='Real cost of going to the cloud.'
    icon='code'
    href='/blog/real-cost-of-cloud'
  >
    Miss me with that hidden costs.
  </Card>
  <Card
    title='SEO & ads managment.'
    icon='code'
    href='/blog/seo-and-ads-managment'
  >
    The Game Changer in SEO and Google Ads Management.
  </Card>
  <Card
    title='Social media trends for 2024.'
    icon='ranking-star'
    href='/blog/social-media-trends-2024'
  >
    Let 2024 be your year and and stay with the flow.
  </Card>
  <Card
    title='Stop using loops now.'
    icon='code'
    href='/blog/stop-using-loops-now'
  >
    Vectorization the new kid on the block.
  </Card>
</CardGroup>
<Card
  title='You are an addict, stop normalizing grind.'
  icon='stethoscope'
  href='/blog/you-are-an-addict'
>
  Start normalizing whatever you like and start living.
</Card>
<CardGroup cols={2}>
  <Card title='Is TikTok banned?' icon='info' href='/blog/tiktok-banned'>
    What do you need to know.
  </Card>
  <Card title='What is Mojo?' icon='code' href='/blog/what-is-mojo'>
    Comprehensive pill of information for you python nerds.
  </Card>
  <Card
    title='What is quantum computing.'
    icon='code'
    href='/blog/what-is-quantum-computing'
  >
    Well yes but actually no, maybe.
  </Card>
  <Card
    title='Work burnout.'
    icon='stethoscope'
    href='/blog/working-burnout'
  >
    How I’ve managed my burnout and you can to.
  </Card>
</CardGroup>

Commit message:

SEO: add keywords to all blog posts and API pages, descriptions, alt text, and meta tags

blog/index.mdx, after:

---
title: Posts
description: Welcome to bundle.social blog! We're prepared some amazing stuff for you.
icon: hand-wave
keywords: ["social media blog", "social media tips", "content marketing", "social media automation", "bundle.social blog"]
date: '2026-01-21'
---

<Card
  title='Attention span is already there you just need to post and get it.'
  icon='ranking-star'
  href='/blog/quick-guide-on-when-to-post'
>
  A quick guide on when to post. It's easier than you think.
</Card>

<CardGroup cols={2}>
  <Card
    title='Why Solana is so hyped?'
    icon='info'
    href='/blog/why-solanda-is-next-big-thing'
  >
    Learn what Solana can offer and don't miss the next BTC!
  </Card>
  <Card
    title='AI Intervews are here.'
    icon='code'
    href='/blog/ai-interview-are-here'
  >
    How to prepare for AI Interview?
  </Card>
  <Card
    title='How to do dopamine detox?'
    icon='stethoscope'
    href='/blog/dopamine-detox'
  >
    Do you recognize yourself in a mirror?
  </Card>
  <Card title='AI & Law' icon='info' href='/blog/ai-regulations'>
    Why AI regulations are harder than you think.
  </Card>
</CardGroup>
<Card
  title='All my homies hate Blizzard and you should to.'
  icon='code'
  href='/blog/all-my-homies-hate-blizzard'
>
  The bad the ugly and the even uglier, Ktoick says goodbye.
</Card>
<CardGroup cols={2}>
  <Card
    title='Books can change you.'
    icon='stethoscope'
    href='/blog/books-can-change-you'
  >
    Man who doesn't read has no advantage over man who cannot read.
  </Card>
  <Card
    title='Cloud seeding is funny.'
    icon='info'
    href='/blog/cloud-seeding-is-funny'
  >
    -design city without drainage <br />
    -make rain like there is no tomorrow
  </Card>
  <Card
    title='Get money from [Instagram](/api-reference/platforms/instagram).'
    icon='ranking-star'
    href='/blog/get-money-from-instagram'
  >
    Qucik read on how to earn money on Instagram.
  </Card>
  <Card
    title='Get money from [Twitter](/api-reference/platforms/twitter).'
    icon='ranking-star'
    href='/blog/get-your-money-from-twitter'
  >
    The same stuff like in the post to your left.
  </Card>
</CardGroup>
<Card
  title='Google technically brrowed OpenAI data (ALLEGEDLY).'
  icon='code'
  href='/blog/google-borrowed-chatgpt-data'
>
  Our editorial team cannot stress enough how big the ALLEGEDLY word is.
</Card>
<CardGroup cols={2}>
  <Card
    title='Growing tour [tiktok](/api-reference/platforms/tiktok) audience.'
    icon='ranking-star'
    href='/blog/grow-your-tiktok-audience'
  >
    Comprehensive guide on how to bend algorithm to your advantage.
  </Card>
  <Card
    title='How to get customer insights.'
    icon='code'
    href='/blog/how-to-get-customer-insights'
  >
    You don't know the value of customer insights and it shows.
  </Card>
  <Card
    title='How to get more [Facebook](/api-reference/platforms/facebook) followers?'
    icon='ranking-star'
    href='/blog/how-to-get-more-facebook-followers'
  >
    4 step tutorial on how to do it and still stay relevant.
  </Card>
  <Card
    title='Is data science dead?'
    icon='code'
    href='/blog/is-data-science-dead'
  >
    Are you ready for changing of the guard?
  </Card>
</CardGroup>
<Card
  title='[Linkedin](/api-reference/platforms/linkedin) is cringe but we need it for every day life.'
  icon='ranking-star'
  href='/blog/google-borrowed-chatgpt-data'
>
  How else you would spy on your friends from school? Are they doing better than
  you?
</Card>
<CardGroup cols={2}>
  <Card
    title='Marketing in the future.'
    icon='ranking-star'
    href='/blog/marketing-in-the-future'
  >
    Steps that you need to take to stay with the flow.
  </Card>
  <Card
    title='Mental Health and Social Media.'
    icon='stethoscope'
    href='/blog/mental-health-and-social-media'
  >
    Stop glorifying mental illness and get help.
  </Card>
  <Card
    title='Product design by Zalando.'
    icon='ranking-star'
    href='/blog/product-design-by-zalando'
  >
    Product Design Prediction by Zalando in 2026.
  </Card>
  <Card
    title='When to post on social media?'
    icon='ranking-star'
    href='/blog/quick-guide-on-when-to-post'
  >
    Best time to post on socal media is...
  </Card>
</CardGroup>
<Card
  title='Why we think INTENSIVELY in the shower?'
  icon='stethoscope'
  href='/blog/why-we-think-in-the-shower'
>
  Go grab the shower instead of your favourite coping mechanism it might be
  better but who are we to judge.
</Card>
<CardGroup cols={2}>
  <Card
    title='Real cost of going to the cloud.'
    icon='code'
    href='/blog/real-cost-of-cloud'
  >
    Miss me with that hidden costs.
  </Card>
  <Card
    title='SEO & ads managment.'
    icon='code'
    href='/blog/seo-and-ads-managment'
  >
    The Game Changer in SEO and Google Ads Management.
  </Card>
  <Card
    title='Social media trends for 2026.'
    icon='ranking-star'
    href='/blog/social-media-trends-2026'
  >
    Let 2026 be your year and stay with the flow.
  </Card>
  <Card
    title='Stop using loops now.'
    icon='code'
    href='/blog/stop-using-loops-now'
  >
    Vectorization the new kid on the block.
  </Card>
</CardGroup>
<Card
  title='You are an addict, stop normalizing grind.'
  icon='stethoscope'
  href='/blog/you-are-an-addict'
>
  Start normalizing whatever you like and start living.
</Card>
<CardGroup cols={2}>
  <Card title='Is TikTok banned?' icon='info' href='/blog/tiktok-banned'>
    What do you need to know.
  </Card>
  <Card title='What is Mojo?' icon='code' href='/blog/what-is-mojo'>
    Comprehensive pill of information for you python nerds.
  </Card>
  <Card
    title='What is quantum computing.'
    icon='code'
    href='/blog/what-is-quantum-computing'
  >
    Well yes but actually no, maybe.
  </Card>
  <Card
    title='Work burnout.'
    icon='stethoscope'
    href='/blog/working-burnout'
  >
    How I’ve managed my burnout and you can to.
  </Card>
</CardGroup>
