blog/product-design-by-zalando.mdx, before:

---
title: Product Design Prediction by Zalando in 2024 -  Embracing AI and Celebrating Humanness
date: '2026-01-21'

---

As we stepped into 2023, the global workplace was transformed by the rapid evolution of AI—so swift that any lapse in attention might have caused one to miss pivotal developments. Initially, having instant access to the entirety of online knowledge was impressive. However, it wasn’t long before AI became a collaborative partner in our daily tasks, particularly in the field of product design. This transformative shift not only broadened our horizons but also solidified AI as a vital tool, enhancing our processes without overshadowing the unique human touch that defines excellent design.

Looking ahead to 2024, the exploration of new possibilities with AI continues. Yet, the focus remains equally on ensuring that our human qualities shine through even stronger in our designs. The feedback from Zalando’s community of Product Designers, User Researchers, and Content Designers suggests a year where human elements will be more pronounced than ever.

## Predictions for Product Design in 2024: Insights from Zalando's Team

The product design landscape in 2024 is poised to be dynamic, characterized by both emerging visual trends and deeper personalization:

- Visual Design Innovations: Reflecting on broader design trends, Michael Feeney, a Principal Product Designer at Zalando, notes an era of design remixes. Popular styles like Frutiger Aero, ’90s fashion influences, and skeuomorphism are making a comeback, blending historical aesthetics with modern flair. Santiago Camargo predicts a trend toward interfaces that mimic real-world textures and lighting, enhancing the user interface with more depth and realism.

- Enhanced Interaction through AI: AI’s integration into design tools is transforming how designers work, automating routine tasks and fostering creativity. This shift allows designers to concentrate on strategic elements of design, pushing the boundaries of innovation and efficiency.

- Merging Physical and Digital: With the blurring lines between online and offline experiences, designers are tasked with creating seamless customer journeys. Kalliopi Papadopoulou highlights the integration of physical and digital retail, which necessitates personalized experiences using advanced technologies like virtual try-ons and augmented reality.

- Expanding Applications of AR and VR: Beyond entertainment, augmented and virtual reality technologies are finding applications in sectors like logistics and inventory management, predicts Bobby Kariyatty. These tools help streamline complex processes and enhance accuracy in environments like warehouses.

- A Focus on User-Centric Design: The coming year will emphasize understanding and prioritizing user needs more than ever. Designers are expected to advocate for user needs vigorously, ensuring that digital products provide not only functionality but also a deep sense of delight and engagement.

- Predictive and Generative AI: Looking at the capabilities of AI to predict trends and user behaviors, Jarno Koponen of Zalando envisions a significant role for AI in shaping future product design strategies. This involves using AI not just for creating designs but also for predicting what designs will resonate with users in the future.

## Navigating the Future with AI and Human Insight

As 2024 approaches, the role of product designers will evolve to include not only the creation of appealing designs but also the integration of technological advancements such as AI into the user experience. This dual focus on technology and human-centric design will likely define the next phase of product design, where AI aids in the execution and humans guide the creative vision.

The future of product design is not just about adapting to new tools but also about redefining our approach to incorporate both technological capabilities and deep human insights. This balanced approach will ensure that as we leverage AI's power, we also enhance the user experience with genuine creativity and empathy, making technology feel more intuitive and aligned with human needs.

Commit message:

SEO: add keywords to all blog posts and API pages, descriptions, alt text, and meta tags

blog/product-design-by-zalando.mdx, after:

---
title: Product Design Prediction by Zalando in 2026 -  Embracing AI and Celebrating Humanness
description: Zalando's product design predictions for 2026 including AI integration, visual design trends, AR/VR applications, and user-centric design.
keywords: ["product design trends", "zalando design", "ai in design", "ux design trends", "ar vr design"]
date: '2026-01-21'
---

As we stepped into 2025, the global workplace was transformed by the rapid evolution of AI—so swift that any lapse in attention might have caused one to miss pivotal developments. Initially, having instant access to the entirety of online knowledge was impressive. However, it wasn’t long before AI became a collaborative partner in our daily tasks, particularly in the field of product design. This transformative shift not only broadened our horizons but also solidified AI as a vital tool, enhancing our processes without overshadowing the unique human touch that defines excellent design.

Looking ahead to 2026, the exploration of new possibilities with AI continues. Yet, the focus remains equally on ensuring that our human qualities shine through even stronger in our designs. The feedback from Zalando’s community of Product Designers, User Researchers, and Content Designers suggests a year where human elements will be more pronounced than ever.

## Predictions for Product Design in 2026: Insights from Zalando's Team

The product design landscape in 2026 is poised to be dynamic, characterized by both emerging visual trends and deeper personalization:

- Visual Design Innovations: Reflecting on broader design trends, Michael Feeney, a Principal Product Designer at Zalando, notes an era of design remixes. Popular styles like Frutiger Aero, ’90s fashion influences, and skeuomorphism are making a comeback, blending historical aesthetics with modern flair. Santiago Camargo predicts a trend toward interfaces that mimic real-world textures and lighting, enhancing the user interface with more depth and realism.

- Enhanced Interaction through AI: AI’s integration into design tools is transforming how designers work, automating routine tasks and fostering creativity. This shift allows designers to concentrate on strategic elements of design, pushing the boundaries of innovation and efficiency.

- Merging Physical and Digital: With the blurring lines between online and offline experiences, designers are tasked with creating seamless customer journeys. Kalliopi Papadopoulou highlights the integration of physical and digital retail, which necessitates personalized experiences using advanced technologies like virtual try-ons and augmented reality.

- Expanding Applications of AR and VR: Beyond entertainment, augmented and virtual reality technologies are finding applications in sectors like logistics and inventory management, predicts Bobby Kariyatty. These tools help streamline complex processes and enhance accuracy in environments like warehouses.

- A Focus on User-Centric Design: The coming year will emphasize understanding and prioritizing user needs more than ever. Designers are expected to advocate for user needs vigorously, ensuring that digital products provide not only functionality but also a deep sense of delight and engagement.

- Predictive and Generative AI: Looking at the capabilities of AI to predict trends and user behaviors, Jarno Koponen of Zalando envisions a significant role for AI in shaping future product design strategies. This involves using AI not just for creating designs but also for predicting what designs will resonate with users in the future.

## Navigating the Future with AI and Human Insight

As 2026 approaches, the role of product designers will evolve to include not only the creation of appealing designs but also the integration of technological advancements such as AI into the user experience. This dual focus on technology and human-centric design will likely define the next phase of product design, where AI aids in the execution and humans guide the creative vision.

The future of product design is not just about adapting to new tools but also about redefining our approach to incorporate both technological capabilities and deep human insights. This balanced approach will ensure that as we leverage AI's power, we also enhance the user experience with genuine creativity and empathy, making technology feel more intuitive and aligned with human needs.
