blog/quick-guide-on-when-to-post.mdx, before:

---
title: Attention span is already there you just need to post and get it. Quick guide on when to post.
date: '2026-01-21'

---

To maximize social media reach in 2024, focus on posting when your audience is most active. Prime posting times include evenings at 7:00 PM, afternoons at 3:15 PM, and mornings at 8:41 AM. For hourly engagement, aim for 9:00 AM, 7:00 PM, and 10:00 AM. Avoid the early hours of 2:00 AM to 3:00 AM, as they're least effective. The top 0.5% of organizations find success posting at noon, 6:00 PM, and 9:00 AM. Tailoring your posts to these times can enhance interaction with your content.

## When to post on [Facebook](/api-reference/platforms/facebook)?

The best times to post on Facebook are 9:00 AM, 7:00 AM, and 10:00 AM on Friday, Wednesday, and Monday.

## When to post on [Instagram](/api-reference/platforms/instagram)?

The best times to post on Instagram are 9:00 AM, 8:00 AM, and 10:00 AM on Wednesday, Friday, and Tuesday.

## When to post on Instagram?

The best times to post on Instagram are 9:00 AM, 8:00 AM, and 10:00 AM on Wednesday, Friday, and Tuesday.

## When to post on X ([Twitter](/api-reference/platforms/twitter))?

The best times to post on Twitter are 10:00 AM, 9:00 AM, and 12:00 PM on Wednesday, Friday, and Thursday.

## When to post on [LinkedIn](/api-reference/platforms/linkedin)?

The best times to post on LinkedIn are 11:00 AM, 10:00 AM, and 12:00 PM on Tuesday, Thursday, and Wednesday.

## When to post on [Pinterest](/api-reference/platforms/pinterest)?

The best times to post on Pinterest are 9:00 PM, 4:00 PM, and 8:00 PM on Friday, Tuesday, and Thursday.

## When is the worst time to post social media?

The worst days to post on social media are Saturday, Tuesday, and Thursday.

Commit message:

SEO: add keywords to all blog posts and API pages, descriptions, alt text, and meta tags

blog/quick-guide-on-when-to-post.mdx, after:

---
title: Attention span is already there you just need to post and get it. Quick guide on when to post.
description: Quick reference guide for the best posting times on Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, LinkedIn, and Pinterest to maximize engagement.
keywords: ["best time to post", "social media timing", "posting schedule", "engagement times", "social media reach"]
date: '2026-01-21'
---

To maximize social media reach in 2026, focus on posting when your audience is most active. Prime posting times include evenings at 7:00 PM, afternoons at 3:15 PM, and mornings at 8:41 AM. For hourly engagement, aim for 9:00 AM, 7:00 PM, and 10:00 AM. Avoid the early hours of 2:00 AM to 3:00 AM, as they're least effective. The top 0.5% of organizations find success posting at noon, 6:00 PM, and 9:00 AM. Tailoring your posts to these times can enhance interaction with your content.

## When to post on [Facebook](/api-reference/platforms/facebook)?

The best times to post on Facebook are 9:00 AM, 7:00 AM, and 10:00 AM on Friday, Wednesday, and Monday.

## When to post on [Instagram](/api-reference/platforms/instagram)?

The best times to post on Instagram are 9:00 AM, 8:00 AM, and 10:00 AM on Wednesday, Friday, and Tuesday.

## When to post on Instagram?

The best times to post on Instagram are 9:00 AM, 8:00 AM, and 10:00 AM on Wednesday, Friday, and Tuesday.

## When to post on X ([Twitter](/api-reference/platforms/twitter))?

The best times to post on Twitter are 10:00 AM, 9:00 AM, and 12:00 PM on Wednesday, Friday, and Thursday.

## When to post on [LinkedIn](/api-reference/platforms/linkedin)?

The best times to post on LinkedIn are 11:00 AM, 10:00 AM, and 12:00 PM on Tuesday, Thursday, and Wednesday.

## When to post on [Pinterest](/api-reference/platforms/pinterest)?

The best times to post on Pinterest are 9:00 PM, 4:00 PM, and 8:00 PM on Friday, Tuesday, and Thursday.

## When is the worst time to post social media?

The worst days to post on social media are Saturday, Tuesday, and Thursday.
