api-reference/connect-social-accounts.mdx, before:

---
title: Connect social accounts
description: Learn how to connect social accounts to bundle.social via API.
---

## Hosted by us

We have an endpoint to create an authenicated user session on our portal to let you user connect their social accounts.
The endpoint is `/api/v1/social-account/create-portal-link`, you can test it out in the 
[Swagger](https://api.bundle.social/swagger#/socialAccount/socialAccount.createPortalLink) or [API Reference Client](/api-reference/client/socialaccount/create-portal-link).

You can specify: `teamId, redirectUrl, socialAccountType, logoUrl, userLogoUrl, userName and language.`

That's how the hosted page looks:
![Connect social account flow](/images/api-reference/connect-social-account/connect-social-account-hosted.png)

## Hosted by you

It enables you to connect social accounts directly through your app, but required more work to set up.

### Connect social account flow
![Connect social account flow](/images/api-reference/connect-social-account/connect-social-account.png)

For most of the platforms flow is pretty simple.
The only exception are Youtube, Facebook, Instagram and Linkedin where you need to select the channel after the initial connection. Channel in this context means different things for different platforms:

- For Youtube it's a Youtube channel.
- For Facebook it's a Facebook page.
- For Instagram it's an Instagram account.
- For LinkedIn it's a LinkedIn page.

### List of errors we can return in the query params:
- twitter-callback - Error connecting Twitter
- twitter-not-enought-permissions - You didn't grant all the necessary permissions

- pinterest-callback - Error connecting Pinterest
- pinterest-not-enought-permissions - You didn't grant all the necessary permissions

- tiktok-callback - Error connecting TikTok
- tiktok-not-enought-permissions - You didn't grant all the necessary permissions

- facebook-callback - Error connecting Facebook
- facebook-not-enough-pages - You don't have enough permissions in any of your Facebook pages
- facebook-not-enought-permissions - You didn't grant all the necessary permissions

- instagram-callback - Error connecting Instagram
- instagram-not-enough-accounts - You don't have enough permissions in any of your Instagram accounts or none of your Facebook pages has an Instagram account connected
- instagram-not-enought-permissions - You didn't grant all the necessary permissions

- linkedin-callback - Error connecting LinkedIn
- linkedin-not-enough-channels - You don't have enough permissions in any of your LinkedIn organizations
- linkedin-not-enought-permissions - You didn't grant all the necessary permissions

- reddit-callback - Error connecting Reddit
- reddit-not-enought-permissions - You didn't grant all the necessary permissions

- discord-callback - Error connecting Discord
- discord-not-enough-servers - You don't have enough permissions in any of your Discord servers
- discord-not-enought-permissions - You didn't grant all the necessary permissions

- slack-callback - Error connecting Slack
- slack-not-enough-workspaces - You don't have enough permissions in any of your Slack workspaces
- slack-not-enought-permissions - You didn't grant all the necessary permissions

- youtube-callback - Error connecting Youtube
- youtube-not-enough-channels - You don't have enough permissions in any of your Youtube channels
- youtube-not-enought-permissions - You didn't grant all the necessary permissions

- threads-callback - Error connecting Threads
- telegram-callback - Error connecting Telegram


## List of success messages we can return in the query params:
- twitter-callback - Twitter connected successfully
- pinterest-callback - Pinterest connected successfully
- tiktok-callback - TikTok connected successfully
- facebook-callback - Facebook connected successfully
- instagram-callback - Instagram connected successfully
- linkedin-callback - LinkedIn connected successfully
- reddit-callback - Reddit connected successfully
- discord-callback - Discord connected successfully
- slack-callback - Slack connected successfully
- youtube-callback - Youtube connected successfully
- threads-callback - Threads connected successfully
- telegram-callback - Telegram connected successfully

Commit message:

feat: additional parameters for the create portal link endpoint

api-reference/connect-social-accounts.mdx, after:

---
title: Connect social accounts
description: Learn how to connect social accounts to bundle.social via API.
---

## Hosted by us

We have an endpoint to create an authenicated user session on our portal to let you user connect their social accounts.
The endpoint is `/api/v1/social-account/create-portal-link`, you can test it out in the 
[Swagger](https://api.bundle.social/swagger#/socialAccount/socialAccount.createPortalLink) or [API Reference Client](/api-reference/client/socialaccount/create-portal-link).

You can specify [the following parameters](/api-reference/client/socialaccount/create-portal-link): 
- `teamId` - (required) The team ID to connect the social accounts to.
- `redirectUrl` - (required) The URL to redirect to after clicking on the back button.
- `socialAccountTypes` - (required) The social account types to connect.
- `logoUrl` - (optional) The URL of the logo to display on the top of the page.
- `userLogoUrl` - (optional) The URL of the user logo/avatar to display.
- `userName` - (optional) The name of the user to display.
- `goBackButtonText` - (optional) The text of the back button.
- `language` - (optional) The language of the page.
- `hidePoweredBy` - (optional) Whether to hide the powered by text.
- `hideGoBackButton` - (optional) Whether to hide the back button.
- `hideUserLogo` - (optional) Whether to hide the user logo.
- `hideUserName` - (optional) Whether to hide the user name.
- `hideLanguageSwitcher` - (optional) Whether to hide the language switcher.

That's how the hosted page looks:
![Connect social account flow](/images/api-reference/connect-social-account/connect-social-account-hosted.png)

## Hosted by you

It enables you to connect social accounts directly through your app, but required more work to set up.

### Connect social account flow
![Connect social account flow](/images/api-reference/connect-social-account/connect-social-account.png)

For most of the platforms flow is pretty simple.
The only exception are Youtube, Facebook, Instagram and Linkedin where you need to select the channel after the initial connection. Channel in this context means different things for different platforms:

- For Youtube it's a Youtube channel.
- For Facebook it's a Facebook page.
- For Instagram it's an Instagram account.
- For LinkedIn it's a LinkedIn page.

### List of errors we can return in the query params:
- twitter-callback - Error connecting Twitter
- twitter-not-enought-permissions - You didn't grant all the necessary permissions

- pinterest-callback - Error connecting Pinterest
- pinterest-not-enought-permissions - You didn't grant all the necessary permissions

- tiktok-callback - Error connecting TikTok
- tiktok-not-enought-permissions - You didn't grant all the necessary permissions

- facebook-callback - Error connecting Facebook
- facebook-not-enough-pages - You don't have enough permissions in any of your Facebook pages
- facebook-not-enought-permissions - You didn't grant all the necessary permissions

- instagram-callback - Error connecting Instagram
- instagram-not-enough-accounts - You don't have enough permissions in any of your Instagram accounts or none of your Facebook pages has an Instagram account connected
- instagram-not-enought-permissions - You didn't grant all the necessary permissions

- linkedin-callback - Error connecting LinkedIn
- linkedin-not-enough-channels - You don't have enough permissions in any of your LinkedIn organizations
- linkedin-not-enought-permissions - You didn't grant all the necessary permissions

- reddit-callback - Error connecting Reddit
- reddit-not-enought-permissions - You didn't grant all the necessary permissions

- discord-callback - Error connecting Discord
- discord-not-enough-servers - You don't have enough permissions in any of your Discord servers
- discord-not-enought-permissions - You didn't grant all the necessary permissions

- slack-callback - Error connecting Slack
- slack-not-enough-workspaces - You don't have enough permissions in any of your Slack workspaces
- slack-not-enought-permissions - You didn't grant all the necessary permissions

- youtube-callback - Error connecting Youtube
- youtube-not-enough-channels - You don't have enough permissions in any of your Youtube channels
- youtube-not-enought-permissions - You didn't grant all the necessary permissions

- threads-callback - Error connecting Threads
- telegram-callback - Error connecting Telegram


## List of success messages we can return in the query params:
- twitter-callback - Twitter connected successfully
- pinterest-callback - Pinterest connected successfully
- tiktok-callback - TikTok connected successfully
- facebook-callback - Facebook connected successfully
- instagram-callback - Instagram connected successfully
- linkedin-callback - LinkedIn connected successfully
- reddit-callback - Reddit connected successfully
- discord-callback - Discord connected successfully
- slack-callback - Slack connected successfully
- youtube-callback - Youtube connected successfully
- threads-callback - Threads connected successfully
- telegram-callback - Telegram connected successfully
